## Introduction
Our team made a discord group and scheduled regular weekly meetings. We each went over each of the projects separately and decided as a team that project N, constable-github-action and project v, GITS2.1-I.R.I.S were of the most interest to us. Upon a more in-depth scoring, we realized that there were many issues with the constable-github-action repository while the GITS2.1-I.R.I.S repository was very high quality. So we eliminated constable-github-action from our choices. But, we did not want to be limited to our five projects so we decided to divide all the projects that we were not assigned among ourselves and come up with a report. From this, our group showed an interest in SimplyClip. We were able to get this project running (after some difficulty) but ultimately decided that a clipboard tool would not be exciting enough for us. Finally, we were able to get GITS2.1-I.R.I.S running and are confident in our choice since we reviewed other projects.

## Review of Other Projects
Project N, constable-github-action: The idea of working on a GitHub action is interesting but the program is lacking features. Although the code-base is small, it lacks modularity and documentation. Project n, Recipe_Recommender: The recipe recommender idea is not very exciting to us and does not align with our team’s learning goals. The project involves a user interface that we do not like and we do not want to spend time tweaking. One of our team members attempted to run the software but encountered a lot of dependency errors. Project y, Simplii and project q, Simplii: While the repositories scored well, task managers are ubiquitous and neither application solves a need.

## Review of GITS2.1-I.R.I.S
Reviewing the scoring rubric for GITS2.1-I.R.I.S, it was evident that the project was put together very well. It ticked most of the boxes of a “good” project, and on top of that, provided great functionality to its users. Git has been known for long to have a very un-intuitive CLI; GITS2.1-I.R.I.S fills this gap that prevents many beginners from starting with Git. GITS2.1-I.R.I.S has excellent code coverage at 91% there is a good ratio of closed to open issues at 16:4, and there are workflows for style checking, code formatting, and syntax checking and the build is passing. Each function (written in Python) has a docstring and there is in-depth documentation for each module. Additionally, this project excites us. We have ideas for adding to the project and are excited to learn more about Git by working on it.

## GITS2.1-I.R.I.S Challenges
GITS2.1-I.R.I.S includes a setup script to get all the dependent commands installed, but it is specific to MacOS. Getting the same commands to work on a Linux environment required some “massaging” of the install commands. The installation doc also does not mention the dependency on the GitHub CLI tool, which is used by multiple sub-commands. It would be better if instructions were provided on setting up the tool, and getting it authenticated with GitHub. The “gits list” command also assumes that the project is checked out at the user’s home directory. The installation docs did not mention this; this led to much confusion during project setup. These are definitely rough edges that need to be addressed in the next phase of the project.

## Team Challenges / Future Plans
The biggest issue we faced as a team was a delayed timeline due to indecisiveness. Rather than quickly arriving at a decision about which project to choose, we spent a lot of time exploring different options with limited discussion as a team. We tried to get projects to run before first ranking the repositories or discussing them as a group which ended up leading to wasted efforts. Going into project 2 our team will implement roles, specifically a project manager, technical lead, and a scrum master. The project manager will develop a roadmap for the overall project. The scrum master will develop agile timelines for each team member based on the project requirements delivered by the project manager. Finally, the technical lead will communicate any delays in completing tasks with both the scrum master and the project manager. We expect there to be a learning curve while implementing these roles, especially since each team member will also be responsible for implementing features. However, we believe having roles will help quicken our team’s decision making ability. Furthermore, we plan to implement more frequent, shorter meetings. These meetings will ensure team members are headed in the right direction, reducing wasted effort.
